[Music]
50 amazing animal facts you'll want to
share whether you're a nature lover or
just curious by nature this video is for
you check if you know all these bizarre
facts about animals if at least one is
new for you hit that like button one the
largest spiders in the world tarantulas
can live without food for more than two
years to the nose print of a dog can be
used for its identification they're kind
of like finger prints for us humans and
are absolutely unique to each animal 3
snakes don't blink so don't even try to
engage in a staring contest with one for
if you've ever wondered what the most
popular name for a goldfish is its jaws
and we thought we were so creative
another thing to consider if you're
thinking about getting yourself a
goldfish don't keep it in the dark it'll
turn pale then you'll have a pale fish
that's not quite as interesting five
woodpeckers are extremely efficient they
can Peck wood 20 times a second how do
they not get a splitting headache
six if you put a jellyfish under bright
sunlight you won't find it sometime
later
that's because it'll evaporate these
creatures are 98% water 7 a hippo sweat
is pink well in fact it's not exactly
sweat
it's an oily reddish fluid which not
only cools the hippos body but also
moisturizes and protects its skin this
blood sweat also contains antibiotic
properties eight macaques in Japan have
figured out how to buy snacks from
vending machines yeah they pay with
coins and everything so next time you
are struggling with a vending machine
remind yourself a monkey can do it nine
frogs don't need to drink water because
it's absorbed through their skin
ten hopefully you don't have Scola so
phobia or a fear of worms if so and
don't book any trips to South Africa
where these creatures can reach lengths
of twenty-two feet
eleven if you think humans are so
special and highly evolved you probably
won't be thrilled to know that we share
70% of our DNA with by the way the
longest lifespan of a slug ever recorded
is a year and a half
so our slimy cousins don't live very
long that's kind of sad
twelve poor flamingos have trouble every
time they get hungry the thing is they
can only eat with their heads upside
down have you ever tried eating upside
down it's not an easy task
thirteen an interesting fact about
gorillas is that they can eat about 40
pounds of food every day diet never
heard of it 14 and this is the cutest
thing you could imagine when seahorses
mate they do it for life and when mates
travel they hold onto each other's tails
see I told you it was super cute 15
oysters have the cool ability to change
gender whenever they need they choose
the gender that's most suitable for
mating at a certain moment 16 cats are
well known for their ability to move
their ears but not so many people know
that a cat has 32 muscles on each year
17 when you hear about giant pandas you
probably imagine something huge right
but a newborn panda only weighs as much
as a small cup of coffee and is smaller
than a mouse oh I want one
[Music]
18 the lion is considered the king of
the jungle but it's actually the lioness
that does 90% of all the hunting in the
family you go girl
19 horned lizards are pretty horrifying
to see when they're defending themselves
they shoot blood out of their eyes 20
some fact about animal hearts an octopus
has not one but three hearts and a
whale's heart is really slow it beats
just 9 times per minute
21 out of 5,000 North Atlantic lobsters
one is born bright blue another
interesting fact
lobsters are known for their ability to
regenerate legs antennae and claws 22
there's one bird species that can fly
backwards and that's hummingbirds these
birds can also flap their wings up to 80
times a second 23 perhaps clean their
ears with our own tongues you
24 the gwaan is are pretty tough
creatures they can drop to the ground
from a tree as tall as 40 feet and walk
away completely unharmed 25 the eye of
an ostrich is larger than its brain 26
everyone is aware that camels can go
long periods of time without water but
perhaps you didn't know that rats can
live without the stuff even longer 27 a
newborn Chinese water deer is so tiny
that you can hold it in your palm oh
yeah it's ridiculously adorable 228
water dwelling creatures like dolphins
whales alligators crocodiles Turtles and
water snakes can drown if they have to
stay underwater for too long 29 if
you're trying to escape from a scorpion
and are lucky enough to have some
alcohol with you at the moment
consider yourself saved just a little
bit of alcohol port on a scorpion will
drive it so crazy that it'll usually end
up stinging itself to death 30 baby
kangaroos are born super tiny no more
than an inch long that's the size of a
large water bug or even a thief how do
they not get lost in their mommy's pouch
31 if you've always believed that
butterflies are beautiful unthreatening
creatures think again one species of
butterfly living in africa produces a
potent enough poison to kill six cats 32
a tiger skin is just a stripe this firm
but don't bow trying to shape a tiger
just take my word for it please
33 the flea is an amazing athlete it
jumps 20 times higher than its own
height and the human can do this they
would be able to jump as high as the
Empire State Building
34 do you think you have a lot of
muscles in your body well that might be
true but you never catch up with a
common caterpillar
it's got 248 muscles in its head alone
35 you can always tell a male turtle
from a female females hiss well males
grunt sounds familiar
[Music]
thirty-six male dogs raised their leg to
pee because they want to aim as high as
possible this way they'll seem large and
intimidating some African Wild Dogs
however take this even further and run
up three trunks or at least try to when
urinating to show the world how big and
scary they are 37 monarch butterflies
have 12,000 eyes what's more this
google-eyed creature can lay more than
250 eggs a day
38 a starfish has eight eyes one on each
of its eight legs 39 a mole could easily
make a prison escape in just one night
it's able to dig a 300-foot long tunnel
40 a giraffes heart must be extremely
hard-working in fact it pumps two times
harder than a cow's to get blood to the
brain
[Music]
41 exoskeletons don't just exist in
sci-fi movies there are creatures around
us that wear it every day
butterflies their skeletons are on the
outside not inside of their bodies 42
you might know Dumbledore as Hogwarts
headmaster but this is also an old term
for a specific type of a beat
[Music]
forty-three one study found that 33% of
dog owners talked to their pets on the
phone or leave them messages on the
answering machine when they have to be
away from home are you one of them 44 a
squids eye is the size of a basketball
and wonder if it gets even bigger when
they're surprised 45 a crocodile's
tongue can't move because it's attached
to the roof of its mouth
46 not only humans have accents cows
born in different regions move with a
certain accent - so does this mean
British cows have a British Moo
[Music]
47 a crocodiles brain is no bigger than
a cigar 48 there have been no recorded
incidents of a human being being
attacked by a perfectly healthy wolf so
if a wolf attacks somebody there's
something wrong with it
49 squirrels do more good for our planet
than you realize
they simply bury nuts that grow into
trees because these funny little
creatures often forget where they did in
their dinner 50 people can snooze
without closing our eyes and frogs can't
swallow without blinking now you know
which fact impressed you the most tell
us in the comments share this video with
your friends to brighten their day and
expand their knowledge remember to click
the like button and subscribe to our
Channel
stay on the bright side of life